Sudomain redirect (#14)
RangerMauve/hyper-gateway: README.md

The specific HTTP verbs and headers that are supported can be found in [hypercore-fetch](https://github.com/RangerMauve/hypercore-fetch).
Basically you can replace the `hyper://` in a URL with `http://localhost:4973/hyper/` and it'll work.

## Subdomain / Subdomain-Redirect

> When serving contents on a gateway, some sites may be using absolute URLs (e.g. `/scrtipt.js`) which can get messed up when the data is being served from `/hyper/key_here/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When serving contents on a gateway, some sites may be using absolute URLs (e.g. `/script.js`) which can be messed up when the data is being served from a subdomain (e.g. `http://some-gateway.com/hyper/key_here/`).
```

Is this a better description?
